The Federal Reserve has made the following decisions to implement the monetary
policy stance announced by the Federal Open Market Committee in its statement
on September 21, 2016:

* The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System left unchanged the
interest rate paid on required and excess reserve balances at 0.50 percent.

* As part of its policy decision, the Federal Open Market Committee voted to
authorize and direct the Open Market Desk at the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, until instructed otherwise, to execute transactions in the System Open
Market Account in accordance with the following domestic policy directive:

"Effective September 22, 2016, the Federal Open Market Committee directs the
Desk to undertake open market operations as necessary to maintain the federal
funds rate in a target range of 1/4 to 1/2 percent, including overnight
reverse repurchase operations (and reverse repurchase operations with
maturities of more than one day when necessary to accommodate weekend,
holiday, or similar trading conventions) at an offering rate of 0.25 percent,
in amounts limited only by the value of Treasury securities held outright in
the System Open Market Account that are available for such operations and by a
per-counterparty limit of $30 billion per day.

The Committee directs the Desk to continue rolling over maturing Treasury
securities at auction and to continue reinvesting principal payments on all
agency debt and agency mortgage-backed securities in agency mortgage-backed
securities. The Committee also directs the Desk to engage in dollar roll and
coupon swap transactions as necessary to facilitate settlement of the Federal
Reserve's agency mortgage-backed securities transactions."

More information regarding open market operations may be found on the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York's website.

* The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System took no action to change
the discount rate (the primary credit rate), which remains at 1.00 percent.

This information will be updated as appropriate to reflect decisions of the
Federal Open Market Committee or the Board of Governors regarding details of
the Federal Reserve's operational tools and approach used to implement
monetary policy.
